= Requirements =

 * PIL
 * Installed django.contrib.admin application.
 * Installed django.contrib.auth application.
 * pytils (http://www.pyobject.ru/projects/pytils) [optional]

= Instructions =

 # Get app fileman: `svn checkout http://django-fileman.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ fileman` and copy directory fileman to directory with your project.
 # Edit `fileman/settings.py`
  * `BASKET_FOLDER` - your "recycle bin" directory 
  * `MEDIA_ROOT` - absolute path to fileman media directory *or* you can comment ` (r'^media/(?P<path>.*)$', 'django.views.static.serve', {'document_root': settings.MEDIA_ROOT}),` in `fileman/urls.py` and publish media files using your web server.
  * `MEDIA_URL` - absolute url to fileman media directory
  * `ANONYMOUSES` - support anonymous users.(see Anonymouses)
  * `TEXT_EXT` - list of file extensions that can be opened in text mode
  * `PICTURE_EXT` - list of file extensions that can be opened as images
  * `PYTILS` - using pytils (need if you have files with Russian name)
 # Edit `your_project/settings.py`
  * add `'your_project.fileman',` in `INSTALLED_APPS`
  * add `'your_project.fileman.context_processors.urls',` in `TEMPLATE_CONTEXT_PROCESSORS`
  * add `'fileman.middleware.Anonymous_fileman_Setting',` in `MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES`
  * add absolute path to `fileman/templates/` in `TEMPLATE_DIRS`
 # Run `python manage.py syncdb`
 # Open admin selection, go to Fileman -> Settings and create (or edit) profile for users.
  * Root - root directory for user
  * Home - home directory for user
 # Give permission for non-admin users.
 # You can add Alias. Example:
  * `Path: /mnt/H/My Developement/django/cyxapeff_org/media/`
  * `Url: http://127.0.0.1:8000/media/`

== Anonymouses ==
You can use the file manager to allow anonymous users. To do this, you must create a user with the name `Anonymous`. Set root and home directory for him, as well permission.
In settings.py `ANONYMOUSES` must be `True`.